enhance docs readability (#2612)
nextcloud/news: docs/features/integration.md

#### Chrome / Edge

1. Install [RSS Subscription Extension (by Google)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/rss-subscription-extensio/nlbjncdgjeocebhnmkbbbdekmmmcbfjd) extension

> 2. Open the extension's options menu
> 3. Click `Add..`
> 4. In the *Description* field, enter a description for the RSS reader entry. 'NextCloud News' is a reasonable name.
> 5. Enter `https://<NEXTCLOUD_BASE_PATH>/index.php/apps/news?subscribe_to=%s` replacing &lt;NEXTCLOUD_BASE_PATH&gt; with the base URL path to your NextCloud instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the extension's options menu
1. Click `Add..`
1. In the *Description* field, enter a description for the RSS reader entry. 'NextCloud News' is a reasonable name.
1. Enter `https://<NEXTCLOUD_BASE_PATH>/index.php/apps/news?subscribe_to=%s` replacing &lt;NEXTCLOUD_BASE_PATH&gt; with the base URL path to your NextCloud instance.
```

    * Domain based example: <https://cloud.mydomain.com/index.php/apps/news?subscribe_to=%s>
    * Domain+subpath based example: <https://cloud.mydomain.com/nextcloud/index.php/apps/news?subscribe_to=%s>

#### Firefox

1. Install Firefox Add-on Extension [Awesome RSS](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/awesome-rss/)

> 2. Open the `Preferences` for the extension
> 3. In the 'Subscribe using' section, select the `NextCloud` radio button
> 4. In the field link field, enter the base NextCloud URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the `Preferences` for the extension
1. In the 'Subscribe using' section, select the `NextCloud` radio button
1. In the field link field, enter the base NextCloud URL.
```
